{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch13\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f13\fnil\fcharset134\fprq2{\*\panose 02010600030101010101}SimSun{\*\falt ????\'a8\'ac??};}{\f38\fnil\fcharset134\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}@SimSun;}
{\f39\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f40\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f42\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f43\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f44\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f45\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f46\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f47\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f59\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f60\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f62\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f63\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f64\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}
{\f65\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f66\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f67\fmodern\fcharset163\fprq1 Courier New (Vietnamese);}{\f171\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SimSun Western{\*\falt ????\'a8\'ac??};}
{\f421\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 @SimSun Western;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\f0\hich\af0\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\loch\f0\hich\af0\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid2051958076\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698703\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\jclisttab\tx720\lin720 }
{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698713\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\jclisttab\tx1440\lin1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc2\levelnfcn2\leveljc2
\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698715\'02\'02.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-180\li2160\jclisttab\tx2160\lin2160 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1
\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698703\'02\'03.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li2880\jclisttab\tx2880\lin2880 }{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext
\leveltemplateid67698713\'02\'04.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li3600\jclisttab\tx3600\lin3600 }{\listlevel\levelnfc2\levelnfcn2\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698715
\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-180\li4320\jclisttab\tx4320\lin4320 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698703\'02\'06.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}
\fi-360\li5040\jclisttab\tx5040\lin5040 }{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698713\'02\'07.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li5760\jclisttab\tx5760\lin5760 }
{\listlevel\levelnfc2\levelnfcn2\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698715\'02\'08.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-180\li6480\jclisttab\tx6480\lin6480 }{\listname ;}\listid808396686}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid808396686\listoverridecount0\ls1}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1721333\rsid6123475\rsid7089475\rsid11871693\rsid12719897\rsid13385803\rsid13837736\rsid14091424\rsid14901098}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6568;}{\info
{\title 1}{\author Linnea Micciulla}{\operator BBNT}{\creatim\yr2005\mo12\dy5\hr9\min37}{\revtim\yr2006\mo2\dy17\hr10\min53}{\printim\yr2006\mo2\dy17\hr10\min37}{\version3}{\edmins68}{\nofpages4}{\nofwords1782}{\nofchars10164}{\*\company BBNT}
{\nofcharsws11923}{\vern24579}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot6123475 \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 1.\tab}\pard\plain \ql \fi-360\li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx720\faauto\ls1\rin0\lin720\itap0\pararsid14091424 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
The analyst is interested in knowing if a particular country is a member of an international organization.  Is Chechnya a member of the United Nations?}{\f2\fs20\insrsid14091424 
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 2.\tab}}\pard \ql \fi-360\li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx720\faauto\ls1\rin0\lin720\itap0\pararsid6123475 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6123475 
\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The analyst is interested in cooperative international efforts in space exploration.  Specifically, the analyst wants to know whether there was any international involvement in NASA's Cassini unmanned space probe mission.  

\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 3.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The analyst is interested in \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
information regarding the Nobel Prize winners from previous years.  Records indicate that David Trimble and John Hume shared the Nobel Peace Prize in 1998.  Who are Trimble and Hume, and what was their relationship?
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 4.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The analyst is interested in knowing \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
the relationship between the Turkish government and the Kurdish groups operating in Northern Iraq, the PKK and the KDP.  During the 1996 - 2000 timeframe, did the Turkish government support or oppose the PKK?
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 5.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The analyst is interested in gathering infor\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
mation on the background behind the conflict between the Sri Lankan government and the Tamil Tigers.  Who is Velupillai Premachandran and what is his role in this conflict?
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 6.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The analyst is interested in proliferation of various weapons systems on a globa\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
l scale.  Specifically, the analyst is looking for proliferation of diesel submarines, and what countries are obtaining the capabilities of extremely quiet submarine operations.  What countries have imported the Russian produced Kilo SS Submarine?
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 7.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 An ec\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
onomic analyst with the Department of State is interested in trends in Philippine economic development for the period following the departure of the U.S. armed forces from the Subic Bay region.  He posits that since the U.S. withdrawal of forces in the ea
\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 r\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ly 1990s, the region has suffered from a lack of military-based industries and minimal investment in infrastructure.  Is he correct?
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 8.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
The analyst is reviewing information about the sarin gas attack in the Tokyo subway carried out by the AUM Shinrikyo cul\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
t.  The analyst is particularly interested in the source of the sarin gas.  Are there indications that AUM obtained the gas from another terrorist organization?  
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 9.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The analyst is studying controversies over pipelines to transport oil from the Caspian Sea
\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 .  The analyst is interested in whether the government of Azerbaijan favors a pipeline through Turkey or through Iran.
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 10.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
The subject is the Indian Airlines hijacking in December 1999.  The analyst wants to know if any individuals connected to the hijacki\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
ng are known members of organizations on U.S. government lists of terrorist organizations and, if so, which organizations.
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 11.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
The analyst is interested in the spy ring established by John Walker.  Who were the participants in this spy ring, and how are th\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ey related to each other?
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 12.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
The analyst is investigating incidents involving plane crashes and terrorism.  The analyst wants to know whether any connections have been found between the explosion of TWA flight 800 and known terrorist organizations.
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 13.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Th\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
e analyst desires information regarding the issuance of security clearances by the Defense Department,  specifically the criteria and reliability of the system to ensure or reduce potential internal threats.  Is there any evidence linking failures in the 
\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 s\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ecurity clearance process with cases of espionage?
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 14.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
The analyst is investigating risk factors for terrorist attacks in the U.S.  Are there any indications that Canadian immigration policies may increase the risk of terrorist attacks in the U.S.?
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 15.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
 analyst is studying drug trafficking in Afghanistan.  Is there any evidence that the Taliban profits from poppy farming and the opium trade in Afghanistan?
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 16.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The United States is concerned about Russian arms sales to Syria.  Has the U.S. taken any steps
\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  to try to stop the sale of Russian arms to Syria?
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 17.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
An analyst is trying to determine if a trade relationship exists between Russia and Vietnam, and even more so, the dollar amount of this trade relationship.
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 18.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Analysts are interested in the incidents\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
 involving spy submarines employed by the North Koreans caught in South Korean waters containing alleged spies. Will these incidents affect South Korea's "Sunshine Policy" toward North Korea?
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 19.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 An analyst is interested in leftist extremist groups in Turk\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
ey, in particular Dev Sol and the Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front (DHKP/C).  Are these the same organization, or related to each other in any way?
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 20.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The analyst is interested in the build-up of nuclear arms in Pakistan in response to nuclea
\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 r weapons in India.  Is there evidence that Pakistan has escalated its nuclear weapons agenda in response to nuclear weapons in India? 
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 21.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
The analyst is investigating the effects of the U.N. sanctions imposed on Libya over the Lockerbie crisis.  What is \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 the position of the Organization of African Unity (OAU) on these sanctions?
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 22.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
Guinea has experienced an overwhelming influx of refugees from Liberia and Sierra Leone because of ongoing rebellions in those countries.  The analyst wants information about h\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
ow Guinea has treated the refugees, and whether Sierra Leonean and Liberian refugees have received the same kind of treatment.
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 23.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
The analyst is investigating issues related to the use of child soldiers in combat, and has come across references to an orga\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
nization called the Coalition to Stop the Use of Child Soldiers.  What is this coalition, and who are its members?
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 24.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
Relations between Greece and Turkey have been strained for many years.  The analyst is interested in the effects of recent earthquakes in\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
 the region on relations between the two nations.  The analyst hypothesizes that sympathy, aid, and cooperative relief efforts have reduced tensions between Greece and Turkey, but that fundamental issues remain unresolved.  Is the analyst correct? 
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 25.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
 analyst is interested in the relationship between the People's Liberation Army (PLA) troops and the Hong Kong populace after the turnover of Hong Kong.  What types of disputes or conflict between the PLA and Hong Kong residents have been reported?
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 26.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
 analyst is interested in whether anyone has made the effort to save the Mir Space Station in terms of finance, after the Russian government decided that it could no longer bear the full costs of the space station.  Specifically, what efforts have been ma
\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 d\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 e to obtain private funding for Mir, and how successful have they been?
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 27.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The analyst is interested in the spread of Mad Cow disease.  Is Mad Cow disease localized only in England?
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 28.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The analyst is interested in joint military exercises conducted by th\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
e United States in partnership with other nations.  The analyst wants to know whether the United States has ever conducted joint exercises with Thailand.
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 29.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The analyst is interested in the 1998 bombings of the US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania.  Specifi
\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 cally, the analyst would like a list of all individuals identified as suspects in the bombings.
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 30.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The analyst is interested in firearms control, registration and licensing throughout the world.  Specif
\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ically, the analyst wants a list of countries -- other than the United States -- which are seriously considering legislation on those topics or already have such legislation.
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 31.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The analyst is interested in finding out how the death of King Hussein of Jor\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
dan will affect the status of his wife, Queen Noor.  Noor, an American by birth, has been instrumental in strengthening ties between the United States and Jordan.  Has Queen Noor lost all influence in Jordan?
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 32.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The analyst is interested in the status of \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
Gibraltar.  Specifically, the analyst wants to know who currently controls Gibraltar and whether there is any ongoing controversy or disagreement over its status.
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 33.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The territorial dispute between Japan, China and Taiwan over the Senkaku Islands presents
\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  a potential for conflict in the future.  The analyst is interested in Japan's position on this issue and what actions it is prepared to take.  Specifically, will the Japanese use force to defend the Senkakus?
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 34.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 South Korea government has provided substa\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
ntial economic assistance to North Korea and has been encouraging the private sector to invest in business projects in North Korea.  What is the role of South Korean companies and which companies are involved?
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 35.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The analyst is interested in the Venezuela\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
n government's aid and support to Cuba.  What is the level of economic and political support being provided to Cuba by Venezuela? 
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 36.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
Taiwan has been lobbying for entry into the World Trade Organization (WTO) as a full member.  However, the China-Taiwan s\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
ituation could pose a serious obstacle for Taiwan's bid to join the WTO.  What is China's position on a bid for Taiwan to join the WTO?
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 37.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
U.S. government is involved in trade negotiations with South Korea concerning the export of automobiles, and more sp\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
ecifically Korea's restricted access for U.S. automobile manufacturers.  What role are U.S. companies playing in the negotiations for access to South Korea's automobile market and what organizations are lobbying on their behalf?
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 38.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The analyst wants infor\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
mation on the status of Japanese and Russian relations.  The relations between the two countries have been cool over Russia's refusal to return the Kuril Islands which it had taken from Japan after World War II. Recently the two countries have been trying
\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 to improve relations and to resolve the Kuril Islands dispute.  Aside from actions involving the Kuril Islands, what other actions are the two countries taking to improve relations?
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 39.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Japan, Australia, and New Zealand have an agreement to limit fishing o\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
f bluefin tuna. Japan started an experimental tuna fishing program which would increase its quota limit.  Australia protested against the program.  What steps is Australia taking in order to influence Japan to limit its tuna fishing?
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 40.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The analyst is inv\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
estigating possible relationships between South American drug cartels and Cuba.  Is there any evidence that the Cuban government is collaborating with drug traffickers?
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 41.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The analyst is interested in the types of influence that China has had on Taiwan's \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
political structure.  Of primary concern are Chinese actions intended to directly influence politics, rather than indirect influence through economic or business ties.  What actions has China taken to influence elections in Taiwan?
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 42.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The analyst is inter\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
ested in the organization structure of gangs in the US, particularly prison gangs.  The analyst wants to know whether gangs formed in prisons are having a significant influence on criminal activities outside prison.
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 43.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The topic is organized crimes commit\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
ted by Nigerians that involve U.S. residents.  Have any cooperative efforts been undertaken by Nigerian and U.S. government officials to combat fraud by Nigerians?
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 44.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The analyst is interested in organized crime activities in various countries and in any 
\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 connections between them.  What links exist between Russian and Italian mafias?
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 45.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
The analyst is interested in the regional impact of Russian efforts to cripple the Chechen rebels.  What impact have the Russian attacks on Chechnya had on the neighboring \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 republic of Ingushetia?
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 46.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
The analyst is interested in efforts by oil producing nations to reduce the glut of petroleum that is depressing oil prices worldwide.  Both OPEC nations and Norway (not an OPEC member) are taking steps to cut production.  The a
\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 nalyst is particularly interested in whether OPEC and Norway are acting independently or not. Is there any evidence of coordination, either that OPEC is pressuring Norway or vice versa?
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 47.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The analyst is interested in U.S. government regulations concernin\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
g the export of supercomputer technology to other countries, and more specifically in the U.S. decision to relax export controls. What role did U.S. companies play in getting export controls relaxed, and which companies were involved?
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6123475 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 48.\tab}\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The analyst is in\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
terested in the Cali drug cartel in Colombia, and is trying to identify family relationships among individuals suspected or known to be part of the cartel.  Is there a family relationship between Camilo Restrepo Villegas and Fernando Jose Flores?
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6123475 
\par }}